Orphans in non showcontent categories (#612)
twisted/towncrier: docs/configuration.rst

``showcontent``
    A boolean value indicating whether the fragment contents should be included in the news file.

>     Note that orphan fragments (those without an issue number) will still show their content.

Reviewer: Maybe have it as an RST admonition  ... but below the `true by default` line

```suggestion
.. note::

    Orphan fragments (those without an issue number) always have their content included.
    If a fragment was created, it means that information is important for end users.
```

``showcontent``
    A boolean value indicating whether the fragment contents should be included in the news file.

>     Note that orphan fragments (those without an issue number) will still show their content.

Reviewer: same as the other comment.
Have it as a dedicated `RST note`
